as you know I'm not just the host of a
talk show I'm also a very well loved
television judge my bailiff Garamond
I've been hearing cases for quite some
time now real cases with real litigants
from small claims court who agreed to
withdraw their complaints from our
backlog legal system and instead bring
them to me this is the plaintiff
Cindy Garcia she claims she purchased
two Louie Vuitton handbags from the
defendant she contends she never
received the handbags in a seeking
reimbursement to the tune of three
thousand two hundred thirty nine dollars
this is the defendant susana martinez
she claims the bags were paid for an
installment and offered to weave on the
plaintiff in the same layaway manner
it's the case of Louis Vuitton but not
forgotten raise your right hand what you
were about to witness is real the
participants are not actors they're
actual litigants with a case pending in
civil court both parties have agreed to
drop their claims to have their case
decided here by Judge James do you swear
to tell the truth the whole truth and
nothing but the truth so god help you
rise for your Josh James
all right you may be seated you can sit
down all right let's see what we have
here plaintiff is Cindy Garcia Miss
Garcia you are suing Susie Martinez miss
Martinez for 3,000 $239
which is the total amount you claim you
paid the defendant in installments for
to Louis Vuitton handbags with matching
wallets that you never received correct
that's correct and miss Martinez you
claimed you offered to refund missable
Garcia in the same way in what she paid
which was layaway payment they would
installments yes mm-hmm
so do you have a store or a boutique no
I was just selling them um on Facebook
okay so le persons on Facebook and where
do you get these purses from straight
from the Louie Vuitton store so the
service that you provide is the layaway
service yes which the store doesn't miss
Garcia let's start with you what
happened okay so what happened was I
finished paying for my purses and the
defendant and I had agreed for her to
deliver them on a certain date and she
did not so I asked for a refund and
indeed she did give me a $300 refund and
she agreed to give me a refund every
fifteenth of the month after so you have
no personal purses no wallets at all and
how have you been carrying your things I
have another purse you have another
person yeah okay is this correct parch
partially did you just say parsh
partially negative beta so parsh would
be short for partially please don't use
language like that in my court again or
I'll have you destroyed correct your can
I say something yes you may my people
use those words deep harsh yeah you can
see I feel like what people are you with
Latinos Latinos look do you use the word
parsh I do not okay
don't make me to hold you in contempt of
court well in the ghetto we do okay yeah
you agree to give the plaintiff all her
money back at the same way she paid me
that's how I told her I would refund her
from the very beginning that she
initially started buying for me I see so
you are out around $2,900 right now
3,200 wow that's a lot of money yeah
there's a lot of money yeah yeah these
are expensive purses
I will kill my wife you buy those things
you're threatening to kill your wife in
court no boy in case you got nude but on
you know it's too expensive one more
word out of you and I have you taken out
of here in handcuffs all right very good
what did you do with the plaintiffs
money I initially started you know pain
because it was a number of people so as
soon as they were paid off I will give
them the item within two weeks it was
kind of like a pyramid scheme time thing
right right right right
now that your shady purse muddling
business is out what do you do for work
um I'm going to school and I also had a
daycare I won't even take here okay and
if the parents bring their children
there you give them back at the end of
the day all right Cindy would you like
to see Susie go to jail no that's nice
right yeah Susie would you be willing to
do chores around Cindy's house to help
pay off this money hey that's what she
agreed to yet huh would you be
interested in something like that
now I'm gonna adjourn to my chambers for
a minute and I'll be back with my
verdict no problem thanks have you need
to say anything
hmm Oh memento hey Bob I got home break
Oh developing will Judge James side with
this handbag hoarder or will he rule in
favor of lady layaway and will this
beefy bailiff fall asleep in that chair
Judge James verdict when we return this
purse this plaintiff claims she's owed
money this defendant promised payments
in parsh judge James is about to rule
let's listen excuse me sorry I was
looking at the pictures if they were
original no everybody supposed to stand
when I come in oh I stand up for Josh
James okay you can all set
well I um I'll be honest I I didn't even
have to think about this case I actually
just went outside to take a little walk
around seems pretty clear to me you paid
the money whether it be paid in
installments she didn't get the purses I
award the plaintiff the full amount of
three thousand two hundred thirty nine
dollars oh that's it guys now we can go
yeah everybody can go all right judge
James McGregor destroyed let's speak to
the big winner congratulations thank you
who do you think you are Paris Hilton no
go ahead go any level you are something
close and now the defendant who can't be
happy with Judge James verdict what do
you think it was Judge James just a
little to parsh just a little just a
little yeah what kind of handbag what
kind of purse do you have a coach oh
yeah that's pretty nice can I take a
look I'm sick I haven't seen a coach
it's not like a Louis Vuitton right now
on the next judge James I did to suit
with mr. Lee do you think there's any
possibility he murdered mr. Lee first of
all I did not murder mr. Lee I'll inform
the court that mr. Moore's now removed
his pants thanks for watching if you
like that subscribe to our YouTube
channel for all the latest videos and if
you didn't subscribe anyway it's free
who cares